docs(vite-plugin-nitro): add guide to deploy on netlify (#640)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/deployment/providers.md

#### Nx and Vercel

When using Nx and reusing the build cache on the Vercel build platform, there is a possibility that the cache is reused if you have built it locally. This can lead to the output being placed in the wrong location. To resolve this issue, you can use the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file as a workaround.

## Netlify

Analog supports deploying on [Netlify](https://netlify.com/) with minimal configuration.

For the Netlify site, set the `Publish directory` to `dist/analog/public` and configure the output as below. This deploys the static assets, and the server as a Netlify function.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Nx and Vercel

When using Nx and reusing the build cache on the Vercel build platform, there is a possibility that the cache is reused if you have built it locally. This can lead to the output being placed in the wrong location. To resolve this issue, you can use the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file as a workaround.

## Netlify

> Analog supports deploying on [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/) with no additional configuration.
> 
> To deploy on Netlify we can use the Netlify build preset.
> 
> - Set the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analog supports deploying on [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/) with minimal configuration.

For the Netlify site, set the `Publish directory` to `dist/analog/public` and configure the output as below. This deploys the static assets, and the server as a Netlify function.

```

#### Nx and Vercel

When using Nx and reusing the build cache on the Vercel build platform, there is a possibility that the cache is reused if you have built it locally. This can lead to the output being placed in the wrong location. To resolve this issue, you can use the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file as a workaround.

## Netlify

Analog supports deploying on [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/) with no additional configuration.

> To deploy on Netlify we can use the Netlify preset provide by Nitro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy on Netlify we can use the Netlify build preset.
```

Author: Done

- Set the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file:

```ts [vite.config.ts]
plugins: [
  analog({
    nitro: {

>       externals: {

Reviewer: We shouldn't need the externals object

Author: Ahh this was added because we were getting some errors while trying on live stream, I will remove this and try build again

        external: [],
      },

>       preset: 'netlify',

Reviewer: This doesn't need to be explicitly set. It detects the Netlify environment at build time.

Author: Done
